it's just gone 11 GMT that's 100 p.m. in
Gaza and despite International
condemnation Israel is intensifying its
assault on the Palestinian territory air
strikes have killed hundreds of
civilians in the last 24 hours ground
forces are pushing deeper into the strip
Israeli tanks have been seen on the main
road linking northern and southern Gaza
new footage shows one of them firing at
a car which was trying to get to safety
three people were killed in the incident
in a moment we'll have the latest live
from Gaza but first this report by Assad
be Israeli tanks on the main artillery
Road in Gaza apparently splitting the
strip between North and South a
journalist captures the moment a car is
targeted the tank is there in mitar
Junction and I told the people but no
one wants to believe it is there I told
them the tank is there and it is fire in
other people from the seaside have seen
this tank I don't want to talk too much
as I am downloading the video now the
tank has targeted a car and a bus and
there was a bulldozer next to the
tank Israel says it's expanding its
Grand operation it claims to have killed
dozens of Fighters overnight elsewhere
in Gaza hospitals are a potential Target
for Israel thousands of displaced
Palestinians are staying in and around
the AL Goods Hospital the Palestinian
red Cresent society says Israeli
military had told them to evacuate the
hospital but that's impossible and some
raids are being conducted just 50 m
[Music]
away
the hospital is overflowing and its
staff and services are running Beyond
capacity when this young girl wakes up
she will have to be told her family was
killed in an Israeli attack for now it's
Hospital staff who must watch over
her he's older than Israel's history
shouts this man referring to the country
and its establishment fear and panic
spread at this Turkish Palestinian
friendship hospital after Israeli bomb
strike
nearby there's no rest bite no comfort
and nowhere safe for Palestinians in
Gaza and the threat of tanks on the
streets of the strip means the worst is
still not over
Assad bag Al
jazer well let's take a look now at
where the Israeli forces have been seen
in Gaza tanks have approached the
outskirts of the eastern part of Gaza
City they were seen on Salah Aline
Street and that's the main road linking
northern and southern Gaza 3 kilometers
from the border fence let speak to aler
is hany Mahmud he joins us from Kan
yunes inside the Gaza Strip so first of
all hany just give us an update on what
your hearing about this expanded ground
[Music]
operation this well within the past two
hours or so uh the Israeli military has
started the expansion process of of the
military operations and and War on Gaza
in addition to uh coverage of of heavy
uh air strikes and mass bombardment of
both the northern part and Gaza City
mainly concentrated in D to in these two
areas a a line of Tanks just uh started
moving from the Eastern side of the of
the the southern Eastern side of Gaza
City namely the uh area of where a line
of Tanks start pushing uh toward the uh
the West uh right into Salah Street uh
this is the one of the main roads uh in
Gaza in addition to the Coastline that's
connecting the northern part of Gaza
with the central part and the southern
part of the Gaza Strip and then continue
pushing uh those tanks uh in further uh
West uh closer to uh Nim Junction that
is the uh the point that is uh literally
connecting uh all parts of the Gaza
Strip North uh and and South uh together
with doing so uh the Israeli tanks that
are still uh position in that area
they're cutting uh the roads between the
North and the South where people are
unable to uh reach Gaza or the northern
part uh and and and not being able to
reach the southern part if they're
coming from the Gaza Strip uh which
makes it difficult for for people who
are still trying to evacuate uh only to
find themselves caught and a trapped in
what is going to be a closed military uh
Zone
as some people out of fear ex supressed
that the coming hours this area will be
a military uh a closed area Okay hany
Mahmud joining us there from Southern
Gaza Han unes thanks very much hany
let's now speak to safat Al calut he
joins us also from inside the Gaza Strip
closer to where those Israeli ground
operations are ongoing so safwat tell us
what you can see and hear from
there uh I'm staying now in Al zaa
neighborhood which is five more or less
5 kilometers from the uh the ongoing
clashes between the Palestinian fighting
groups and the Israeli tanks who entered
the Gaza Gaza City today we can see uh
PS of smokes coming up from uh from that
area which is called narim by the way
it's south of Gaza City itself and as
far as we learned from our sources and
that closer to that area uh that Israeli
tanks now are stationing in uh in the
southern part of Gaza City and they are
stationing in an agricultural area after
raising all the trees in that
neighborhood the kasan brigades the
military wing of hanas send us different
statements about the clashes taking
place in that area every now and then we
can hear explosions from where we are
and we are still uh waiting our for
further related news
but we we learn that the the Israeli
tanks are not advancing towards the West
which is the the second uh uh way or the
second road that link Gaza City with the
RIS of the Gaza Strip and in case if
they manage to control that road the
coastal Road it it will mean that Gaza
will be totally divided from the
southern uh or the central area under
the rest of the Gaza Strip until now
still severe clashes taking place
between the fighting groups and the
Israeli tanks who are stationing there
and not advancing towards the West which
is towards the sea and so what does that
mean for the communication between
people living in these different areas
that appear to be being divided by the
is Israeli
military lot lots of people by the way
uh they have been receiving calls from
the Israeli ID asking them to leave
again the the Gaza City and the Gaza STP
but from Witnesses who uh who tried to
cross from Gaza City towards the central
area and and then to the South the
Israeli tanks they opened the fires and
tanks towards the people who were trying
to flee from Gaza City towards the South
okay safat alut bringing us the
situation there from inside Gaza for the
moment thanks very much
safwat